Can I admit something to You. 
"The other day when you said I was depressed I think I am don't tell anyone and please don't think of anything of me man cause I'm not suicidal I don't wanna die or anything not there has been one time wehere i 
Loaded the shotgun and put it to me mouth but I couldn't pull the trigger don't think I'm weird please don't man it's just I've gone through a lot and your. The only person I've ever told this. "
I'm really sorry that u went through that
Idek wtf was going through my mind I'm sorry I didn't mean to tell you that. 
I did but I didn't 
I can't even imagine that
                       Im Sorry ignore I said that that was stuoid of me to say
Do you wanna just go to bed I shouldn't have
It's just gonna take time...you have to understand that my heart is still in a million pieces and I'm trying to pick those up it's gonna take a while before I feel right again...
I'm like just struggling to deal with it. Probably because the meds are making me deal with it better but it's just different so I'm like slow to recognize what's going on. Idk I'm just weird. I don't have therapy until next Friday because of the holiday.
I really want to talk to you, honestly I do. But some times I just don’t feel like talking to anyone. Please don’t take any offense to it. I still love you. And I’ll be back once my head clears up.
I’m not flaking, ignoring you or mad at you. I cannot get myself to be levelheaded or even just stop overthinking or worrying. Please be patient with me and know when I figure this out or can control this feeling I will reach out. Be patient with me.
I love you, but it just takes too much energy to text, and I’m feeling so frail and so much like a disappointment that I could crumble at any second and don’t want to burden you. But I care and love you.
I’m sorry, but I really don’t have the energy to talk to you right now. And I’m terribly afraid I might say the wrong thing and hurt you… Things are too twisted in my head right now, and I don’t want to inflict this on you.
I am so, so sorry for never replying to your loving messages. Even more so, because I know you see I’m active on Facebook. For some reason, Facebook is easy, but replying to real people with real love and care for me just takes so much energy.
I’m sorry, but I’m really just not up to talking right now. It’s not your fault, I’m just very depressed today and need some time to collect myself.
I want to talk, but I need some space. Sometimes I just don’t know how to reply. Sometimes I type out a message and then retype another again and again until I think there’s no point and delete it all.
I feel horrible, I really do. I just don’t want to hurt you because every little thing is setting me off right now. I don’t like hurting people, and I definitely don’t want to hurt you.