I have been really upset the past few days and I cannot stop crying. I am having bad thoughts and feeling depressed/hopeless. 
I'm sorry to hear that. It must be very difficult. Would you like to tell me more about what is going on?
I was fired unexpectedly from my job last Friday ... my employer would not give me a reason for being let go ... I feel confused and sad. I am scared what will happen financially ... I have a lot of financial obligations. I pay for everything myself and was depending on that job to pay my bills. Also the same day my boyfriend moved to another state. I was already very sad about this so being fired has not helped .....
What u doing this evening
Working. Hbu?
After that
Got a big presentation for the county on Wed. Practicing that. HBU?
I wish you knew I’m not intentionally ignoring you. Please don’t stop texting me. I will respond. Sometimes, it takes longer than expected to say what I need to say because there are days I feel like a burden if I tell you I’m not OK, even if it’s true or not.
I haven’t got anything interesting or positive to say. I don’t want to be falsely positive. Because then you won’t know. But I don’t want to miserable in case I scare you off with being ‘down’ again. I just want to be held while in bed and sleep. And wake up with you still there. But I’ve got nothing to make you want to come over. Because I can’t stop crying.
I would love nothing more but to talk to you. But right now I don’t have the mentality to deal with myself, and I need to focus on that. I will get through this, and I love you so much.
Just bear with me and know it has nothing to do with how much I care about you… but absolutely everything I have is going into me getting through this right now. If I could change this I would. If you don’t understand it or can’t handle it, it’s OK and I would never be upset with you.
Thank you for texting me. I’m so happy you still talk to me even though I go through a roller coaster of emotions weekly. Thank you for still trying. I just can’t lie and say everything’s going well right now. I’m a little resentful that you can live life so effortlessly, but I admire that about you as well. So if I don’t respond, it’s just because I don’t want to bring you down. Because I love you.
It’s nothing you have done, but right now even a conversation is too much for me. It exhausts me. But thank you for reaching out and being here for me. It means the world, you mean the world. I’m just sorry I can’t show you right now.
I know I am a bit useless at replying, but just going through a hard space at the moment. It will pass, and it will get better, and I will get there, but it will take time. Please bear with me, and know I love your company but just can’t be ‘peopley’ at the moment.
I would love to talk, but right now not talking is my way of taking care of myself. It’s a waste of my limited energy to text back and worry for the rest of the week if I said the right thing and be upset waiting for a response. I just need time.
Please don’t give up on me. I’m lonely and want to talk to you, but I just can’t right now, but know I love and appreciate you.