Nothing I actually needed a friend. I'm kinda in a low place right now. 
What you need?
IDK never mind. I know that was weird
I can't do this anymore. I feel so numb. 
Hey- let's talk this through. What's going on today?
I can't get out of bed. It's getting so hard. 
Hey. I’m sorry I sometimes don’t reply or reply with one-word answers to your well-thought out and caring messages. I’m sorry I cancel plans. I feel like I have nothing interesting to contribute to conversations and feel tired and depleted by interactions with people. Sometimes I just need to retreat to the place where I feel safest — my bed. Know I do love you and care. I’m sorry, dear friend.
Sometimes communicating with anyone just depletes me. I have a family to take care of, and at the end of the day I just feel like I don’t have much more to give to anyone else.
Sometimes it takes it out of me to pretend I’m OK. I love talking to everyone, but I also don’t want them to worry about me, so when I talk to people, I always like to act as though I’m great, even when I’m not. I’m scared of being a burden, and I know that’s ridiculous, especially with family as they want to help, but something about me doesn’t want to let them. The effort it takes to keep up that happiness and love for life is exhausting though, and I can rarely find it in myself to do it. I want to, I just can’t because it makes me feel worse knowing I’m essentially lying.
I used to simply ignore people and wreck my friendships, but I have learned my real friends will understand. Sometimes I need to give myself some space before talking to them, but I text back as soon as I’m up to it and I say, ‘I’m having a hard time, and it’s nothing personal, but I need some down time and some space for the time being. I love you and thank you for being patient with me.’ I wish I was able to tell them how hard it really can be, but sometimes even that is difficult when I’m depressed. Some people won’t understand, but many will. I give them the chance to be understanding, and if they aren’t, then it can’t be an incredibly valuable relationship to them if they won’t try. It helps me determine who is good for me and who isn’t, and for that I think this is a good way to handle it.
No, I’m not mad at you. Yes, I still love you, and I really do care about what’s going on with you… but I just don’t have the energy to battle with myself about whether my reply is going to be OK. Sometimes I don’t even have the energy to think of something to say. Please be patient with me. I won’t feel like this forever!
I honestly just don’t know what to say. It’s hard for me to focus on what you’re saying, and I want to tell you what I’m going through. I want to communicate all of the pain, but I feel as if I’d be bothering you by laying it all out there. So instead, I just don’t say anything.
I’m OK, honest, I am. I just have to ride out this wave in my own way. Should I become not OK, I’ll reach out to whom I need to.
I’m struggling so much at the moment. I just can’t communicate with myself, let alone any one else. But I appreciate you being there more than you will ever know. Thank you for not giving up on me.
I am to fuzzy-minded to talk to you right now. Trust me, I really want to talk to you, and this isn’t because I don’t like you, it’s just because right now I don’t have the energy to keep a conversation.
Please, hold on. I’m going through a really tough time, but I love you. Thank you for checking up on me. I promise I’ll get back to you once the demons leave me alone.