Hola
Hey what're you doing tonight?
Churchill might play on the team and he kinda wants some help
What team?
Tennis
Idk why I left that out😂
Ohhhh, ok, I have a volunteering thing to do tonight, but I'm free this weekend
I probably won't be free at all Saturday
Ooof, how about Monday?
Hey this is Noah idk if you knew that I got a new number 
But would you possibly wanna go hitting today at some point?
What time were you thinking?
Idk when works for you?
Idk who else we could get to go I could text the tennis group chat
My car's currently being serviced, so I'm not sure when it'll be done
I could pick you up
Does churchill wanna come today?
Then, we'd have an even number
Well if he came we would have three people but that's ok
Also I could maybe ask Richard if he would wanna go
Can you think of anyone else who would wanna go hit?
No, sorry
Church might go
Cool, so is blake gonna come
Idk I'll talk to him
And also church isn't coming
what about richard?
He gets off work at 6
What if we went hitting this evening so he could come?
If he would be able to go would that work better?
If we went at like 6:30/7
I can't go then, sorry
Ok then let's do 3 and could we do the civic center?
Sure, so it's just you and me?
Yeah and we can play singles
Hey do you have a keyboard we could use for the smart mirror
Yes, I do
But not with me rn
That's fine
So would u be able to bring that keyboard and charger for science club Thursday?
Yeah
Hey so what I'm doing to help study for academic team is going through quizlets and studying stuff like, for now, art history and British literature
Soon I'm gonna do American literature
Does that sound like a good idea?
Sure
How big is our graduating class?
131
Cool, thnx
Hey I don't think anyone is coming to academic team today
Wanna talk to Florek and see about maybe Friday?
Sure
Or just not meet today?  Because it's gonna be me, you, and Andrew today
Yeah, let's cancel today
Ok let's just talk to him at some point
Yeah so no academic team today
We aren't meeting this Friday we are gonna talk about doing Fridays when we meet next Monday
Ok
Glenvar does exact class rank, right?
Yeah
And there's 131 ppl in our class
What about rank weighting? Is it weighted or unweighted?
Weighted since it's based on weighted gpas 
Ok, thanks, I'm checking over the app one last time before i submit
Wish me luck
Good luck!  You'll be fine
This is scarier than shooting my shot tbh
For someone reason I wasn't scared to submit and that makes me nervous
Florek said we can have academic team tomorrow
Cool