https://mobile.twitter.com/yourloyalpal/status/1213113870543474689
can you come to science club today?
Yeah, sure, I've been skipping way too much recently
you haven't skipped lmao
Yeah i have
maybe like 1 don't worry abt it
besides we finally get to do the slime lab
and NO i'm not putting skittles and snickers in the slime 😖
hey when do you get to the library?
In it rn
i'm in chem and we r doing nothing so if tyree is there could take the monitor down
and maybe get hooked up to the wifi
Aight, gotta take a 40 min quiz first 
damn
are u done w the quiz
Yup
Now i am
church and i r gonna come
is tyree in his office
if he isn't then we won't come 
Don't think tyre3 here tho
Lemme check
alright lemme know
Nah, hes not
ok then we won't come down
thank u for checking tho!
Np
now idk if church is coming today but florek would still stay w us since he has to be here this evening.  if ceci can't come either would u still be down to go to AT?
we at least need to talk w him abt when we need to be at school saturday for the match
Aight bet 1 v 1
😳
ur gonna destroy me but it'll be fun
i'm so excited for saturday those r so fun
you know- being surrounded by 50 ppl who r smarter than u
Can u guys come down today, cause Tyrees here today
yeah i'll come down 
i'll be down at 1:15 because we r doing a chem lab
Kkk
woah there
i'm omw now
Uwu
John said he'll do it!
YES
Oh my god i was literally freaking out telling my parents the situation
tell him i'm so happy that he will do it he's a life saver 
want me to email florek?
Yeah
Should we text the others we asked that we found someone?
yes
Now we actually have a team, I stg if anyone drops out Im hacking the school system and finding where they live
yes bitch 
rafid.  ceci was talking about not going to practice today, she can go saturday 😂
she just texted me asking when and where we have to meet saturday
oh my god
Ummm, what do i tell john now?
no she might not b going now
i asked just to be sure if she was going to the concert and she said "i didn't know there was a concert, so it's a no"
so she might now actually not be going
So, wtf is happening?
i don't even know at this point
i asked again "so are you making it to the match saturday"
ik it sounds pushy but i need to f-omg be sure at this point
*f-ing
nvm ceci is coming to the match she was saying it's a no for the concert
so she IS coming
So what do i tell john?
i'm gonna email florek and ask what he wants us to say.  maybe he'll let john just come and watch if he wants but we can also tell john he no longer has to come
Aight, do i text him now???
sure go ahead.  just tell him we will text him if anything changes if we might need him again
Bruh, i feel so bad about texting him again
well at least we have our four set
This sound ok, "Umm, so we have an update, one of the original team members can now go to the competition, so if you don't want to come you don't have to, but we'll keep you posted"
yeah that sounds great!
and i can talk to him tmrw abt it and explain the situation
but i would send that
geez today has been a rollercoaster 😂
tf is that
Obamosphere
jesus christ
we should play protoboel
*protobowl
i'm gonna play rn and then we can maybe play on the way to the match tmrw
Oop, sorry my phone died
lAme
are you bring ur book ah
*bookbag
Nah
Are u?
i was gonna to carry some stuff but i don't think i will
i have a phone charger, keys, and hydro flask that's it
Aight imma head out now
is tyree there
and is his office open 
No
To both
damn
Great album
is tyree there
No